# Practicum-Assignment

In this project, a dataset labled "2020 NFL Predictions" was loaded and saved into an r markdown session. This data set contained game-by-game Elo ratings and forecasts for the latest season. To start off, all packages that were needed must be installed before you start writing code, using functions that have not been loaded in the system. You must call some of the packages necessary to load the data set into you project.Then, you use the read.csv function to import and load the particular data set. I then wanted to clean the data as much as I could. First, I removed the entire clolumn labeled "Playoff" because all of the values in the column were "NA". Then I decided to rename all of the columns to make their names easier to call throughout the project. There were still some "NA" values within the dataset, so I thought it would be best if I omitted all of those values. The next step I wanted to take inthe data cleaning process was to identify all outliers and make a conclusion on how I was going to handle them. AFter only identifying a few outliers in the data, I decided to leave them with the outher values because there were so few that it would not really affect the results of an analysis. I identified the outliers by creating a box plot of each variable. When I would like at the plot, if there was a data point extremely seperated from the box in the plot, it was clear of how many outliers were in that column. Providing visualizations is extremely important in learning about the data set. It gives you a different way to understand the data. 
